---
layout: page
title: Course requirements
permalink: /courses/requirements/
---

The course can be taken as (i) an individual reading course; (ii) a
seminar course with other students; (iii) partially overlapping with a
corresponding masters course; or (iv) a combination of the
previous. Participation in summer schools (for which you have not
already obtained credit) may also be counted here.

This means that each course participant will have an individual plan
of activities. Please make sure that you get in touch with the course
organiser(s) as soon as you decide to take this course to agree on a
plan. Subsequent integration of activities may not always be possible.


## Individual course

The course is organised as individual discussions based on your
readings and practical implementations of solutions from papers. We
will jointly choose a list of topics based on your interests and needs
and for each topic we will agree on a reading list or a list of other
resources (e.g. datasets and code) that will be considered. For each
topic you should prepare written work (a summary of readings, a
practical programming implementation or experimental results) that
will then be discussed in a meeting. To get an overview of subject
(and to pass the course) you should look at least 6 topics. You should
also complete a course project which should be of a quality of a
workshop paper that could be later submitted to a workshop or a
conference.


## Seminar course

If more students are taking the course, it will run as a seminar
series/reading group. We will jointly choose a list of topics based on
students' interests.  In order to pass this course, each student
should participate in at least 12 seminars for which they should read
a paper (or look at code and other resources) and participate in
discussions, lead a discussion in least 4 seminars, and complete a
course project which should be of a quality of a workshop paper that
could be later submitted to a workshop or a conference.


## With the masters course(s)

If this course has a corresponding masters course within the MLT
programme and you have not taken it yet before, you can also follow
its lectures, tutorials and labs. In order to pass this course, you
should attend the lectures, tutorials and labs of a corresponding
masters course, pass all its labs and complete a course project. Doing
so you should exemplify a higher quality and sophistication of work,
appropriate for the PhD level. For example, the project should be of a
quality of a workshop paper that could be later submitted to a
workshop or a conference.


## Mix and match

A combination of the above options is also possible. Here are some
examples:

<iframe style="width:100%;height: 400px;" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSIlBzgtagmIaVQIh-g0PXzZoQUbtb4gKO_bw_nqZOaq6UoYC-YpqhyUl2u4AMCKltGVL2TtiEPop5n/pubhtml?gid=0&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>

Note that if you are taking more than one course a particular piece of work 
can only be considered for one course.


## How much work is required?

An individual plan will be agreed with each student at the start
making sure that equal amount of work is required to pass the course
whichever option is followed. Generally, as this is a 7.5 HEC course
it means that you would spend working on it for 5 weeks full-time or
10 weeks half-time (60 HEC is 40 weeks).


## Submitting your work

Because you have an individual course plan it is important that **you** keep a good record of what you have done. _No record and materials to show your work - no credit!_ It is also recommended that you do this as you go along and check with the teachers what counts for what course and not wait until the end when you might already forget or loose important code and notes or it may happen that the work is not related to the course content.

Therefore, for each course that you are taking, create a private Github
repository and add Simon (`sdobnik`) as a collaborator as soon as you
start with the course.

Then create the following files and folders as needed:

  - `README.md`: Contains your individual course plan and a
    description of options that you taking or have taken. Please
    update this file regularly as you complete new parts.
  - `reports`: Create a sub-folder for each of the topics and include a
    written report with references, documented code and other relevant
    materials.
  - For seminars/reading groups, list the seminars that you attended
    with references to papers that were discussed and whether you have
    lead the discussion in the main `README.md`.
  - `project`: A home for a well documented code (e.g. as a Jupyter
    notebook) and the final course paper with references. Use a
    separate cloud repository for large files such as datasets and
    models and include the link in the paper. The paper should also
    include a description of how the code should be read. Use the
    latest ACL/NAACL/EMNLP template.
  - `library`: a folder for any background supplementary resources and
    information;
  - `...`


## Grading

The course is graded with G (pass) and UG (fail).
